so hey world I'm flash cube 207 and
contain this video I will be showing
guys it's gonna be you're no different
from rivers
tube it's not actually the scoop I did
now move on to the cards don't worry I'm
going to come back to Rubik's Cube it's
just that I got some requests on card
tricks and some other stuff so 3 in this
video I will be doing a tutorial on how
to do the card spread with your hands
it's really important in card magic so
over here I've got a pack of cards
they're actually bicycle playing cards
let me just show you and then I
demonstrate to you so here my pack cars
and let me show you what I mean there's
a little bit him I guess that would be
enough and here we go this is how you do
card spread
so it's actually really bad I did mess
it up and there's another part to it
that will be showing you to you right
now that's big have a look I'll just
take my finger and hold it over and I'll
do something like this to the cards and
then you can just play along with it
it's like this and i'll be teaching you
how I did that so it's basically like
this all you want to do is aa really
hold the cars something like this like
once come here and then your middle
finger and your index finger will
actually get ring finger your middle
finger on your ring fingers I'll hold it
tight and then your index finger it's
gonna be pointing to the side and just
you have to you just have to tilt it a
bit like this it's like this and then
your finger over here and then just
basically do this I don't find made it
clear just wait let me show you two guys
again what I mean yeah we have to put a
fourth-down really tightly it's like
this so and then release it you can also
do that same move straight make sure you
and yeah that's my card spread tutorials
they're tuned for more card videos and
more room Scoob videos of course and now
we'll be filming another video after
this video so stay tuned for many more
video guys and I
you